Name: Voice Box

Summary:
Give your robots the freedom of speech

Description: 
Rez this item and click it to hear different phrases generated by playing a small number of sounds.  This object synthisizes arbritrary speech from fragments of English.  Generate your own phrases with the assistance of a translator on channel 77.  Anything you say on that channel will give a rough translation of allophone codes  to work with.

This voice box has been offered to the SL residents as a gift for the Second Life Third Annual Celebration and has been placed in the vault.  Residents get full permissions on the source code and sounds.

You can also create and use your own set of allophones.  The allophones in this set were originally
from an old SPO256-AL2 chip (widely popular in the 80's).  You can download a manual to get a good reference to spell common words at the following URL:

http://www.physics.brandeis.edu/undergraduate/phys32b_2005/SP056-Tandy.pdf

zero ZZ YY OW

Problems I've had with the voice box are:
- People can not hear all the sounds until they are loaded.
    (You can add script to preload the sounds each time someone comes near your robot, or before it is about to speak.)
- Longer sounds are interupted with the next sound.
    (I've tried a number of ways around this, but they tended to slow the script down too much)
- Hard to understand what is said

Permissions: Copy, Modify, Resell/Transfer
Prims: 1
Images: 
    [Voice Box Picture](../../Assets/Voice%20Box%20Picture.png)
